Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole bacon doing a behavior contract, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole bacon.
Gwenevere Abriel: logged in with the virtual clinic.
Gwenevere Abriel: For Wi Fi Starbucks went somewhere else doesn't have the
Gwenevere Abriel: Zoom room number is back in virtual clinic.
Gwenevere Abriel: She shows up, it will be an hour that's being built from 110
Gwenevere Abriel: To 10 Mountain Standard Time.
Nicole Bacon: Hi, I'm so sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mission not
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. All right. Yes.
Nicole Bacon: I was just visiting my grandma and she's like, You want these socks. I'm like, I gotta go. I gotta go. I gotta go look at these sucks. And I have to be stronger at my boundaries.
Nicole Bacon: Stronger with. Okay, same as giving them.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's do something a little different. We're so
Gwenevere Abriel: Down to actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Two days before we were going to close this file, and then we hadn't seen in 30 days. Okay, so let's do something
Gwenevere Abriel: Do something different. Today I'm going to share my screen with you and kind of talk to you a little bit about what's on there. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: city are you in
Nicole Bacon: I'm in Santa Fe right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where is your actual location.
Nicole Bacon: Location is
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's try again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Case, there's an emergency, I need to know where you are. Where are ya.
Nicole Bacon: Ginger Asian Cafe.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's insanity.
Nicole Bacon: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so what I want to share with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: A review of what it might be like to have a refresh on your commitment to whatever your goals are here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is labeled the behavior contract, but you can call it something else, why don't we look at the content of it and see if there are pieces of it that you like that. You don't like that. You want to modify and I have created this so I'm really happy with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's going to help you have a refresh.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: buy into it right and stick with it and actually sign it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to show it to you because if you don't like it, okay. Won't do it, then it's pointless. Then, of course, you'll find a way to sort of not stay engaged. So this is what I've got.
Gwenevere Abriel: Based on awareness of my personal health status I Nicole that I spell your name right.
Nicole Bacon: It's not oh there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the tippy top
Gwenevere Abriel: Have decided to say following health improvement goal. Oh, the Times wacko
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's today 128 20 and we would do it for 28 days in February guy we got in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So 2029. So we'll say for 2828 to 20
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is what I'm going to be looking for in the next 30 days.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will attend individual therapy in there about between 45 and 60 minutes, but you have to sort of create this time and it's actually more like 70 if you think about. We got to log in to virtual clinic.
Gwenevere Abriel: No less than twice per week over the next 30 days I'll attend group, no less than once per week. That's where you do your check in for medication. Talk to your doctor.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll text call or email my therapist, that's me no less than 24 hours before scheduled appointments to notify cancellation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will arrive no later than five minutes past the hour scheduled appointment.
Later will be consumed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I know it's hard it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Wrong up stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is how the head
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it's how it works for the most part. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right being on time probably brings up some stuff for you. So persevere. Here I will text call or email my therapist experiencing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Continued anxiety guilt.
Gwenevere Abriel: depression, anger, other intruding psychiatric emotional states.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd be communicating
Nicole Bacon: Yes, I wanna, I want to, I guess, before I I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Going all the way through this
Nicole Bacon: This is part of
Gwenevere Abriel: Boundary to it's getting all the way through something before going to something else. This takes also some restraint and some right some vigilance here. So let's let's continue. You've got something important to say, Do I want to hear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's keep going. I think we're at number six, I will identify how my substance use all mood altering substances which includes alcohol, right, and includes marijuana. It is a mood altering substance are counterproductive to my long term recovery. You'll identify it. That's the discussion.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will identify the psychosocial environment that will support my long term recovery. These are the people that you're spending time with how you're spending your time where you're living everything from
Gwenevere Abriel: Good energy bad energy. However you define this psycho social environment with identify off she goes.
Oh my god.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to get some stable Wi Fi. Let's keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: So identify psycho social environment that will support long term recovery. Number eight. I will identify barriers both psychological meaning emotions, thoughts, beliefs and memories.
Gwenevere Abriel: And physical they contribute to unmet obligations or achieved vocational academic inner personal financial leisure time goals and I'll be helping you with them identify what's getting in the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will complete homework assignments developed an individual or group therapy and report back to therapists, the personal experience of doing the homework or experience of inability and completing the homework.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will submit your screens within 48 hours of request, which means you might have a cup or you might be asked to go to a lab to provide
Gwenevere Abriel: A specimen there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this isn't necessarily urine. This might also be blood, but most of the time it's your own
Gwenevere Abriel: I will present for telemedicine in a quiet private place seated and able to engage in both seated and standing activities.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've seen a little bit. At least, not a lot, a lot, but I do some things that are a bit experiential and we want to have some movement possible. Maybe there's some energy work or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will accept and initiate a call, text. This is a little different this I could cross out if you wanted me to because I don't have anybody that's doing, and I wish I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will accept and initiate a call, text or zoom contact with a peer support designee
Gwenevere Abriel: To help resolve treatment goals and objectives. So I have someone in mind, but I haven't done all the training and bright heart health. Doesn't that kind of abandoned that idea. I still think it's a good one.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: If
Nicole Bacon: I don't quite understand that it's a different. It's another person.
Gwenevere Abriel: cross it out. So let's go down here to you. This is, this would be something that you would be stating. So the advantage. See if you can find the advantage of those above tasks.
Gwenevere Abriel: The advantage of my achieving these goals include the following. So when you take a moment and I know there was some sort of realization of what this entails the responsibility that time and energy and commitment. It's a huge
Gwenevere Abriel: Piece of your treatment and it's different than what you were doing before you didn't have it written out quite precisely
Gwenevere Abriel: What you think for a moment. What would be the advantage of achieving these schools and I'll put this in a quote, and then we can kind of have it to as a reminder of why you're bothering
Nicole Bacon: Advantage. For me, achieving these goals includes
The
Nicole Bacon: Actual actually like actually
Nicole Bacon: Completely
Nicole Bacon: Investing in myself and my healing and my growth and to staying sober. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It would represent that you can see that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd be different than what you've been doing. It's all right.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, definitely. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent.
Nicole Bacon: I said, I like this written down and you know something tangible like even want to print it out and put it up on my wall.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'll be sending it to you in an email right now and you can write me back and say I agree. And then, why then that's sort of an agreed on, I'll show up, ready to help and offer my wisdom and experience and skills all show up on time and rested unable to be present for you.
Nicole Bacon: And then ice versa.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you, I learned a lot.
Nicole Bacon: I learned a lot. Just this one Meetup.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have received and so many email it to you in just a moment. I've received this contract and agreed to discuss the experience involved in accomplishing OR NOT ACCOMPLISHING THIS health
Gwenevere Abriel: Behavior improvement with my therapist and physician by acknowledging agreement.
Gwenevere Abriel: With this behavior contract. I accept that failure to complete the above notated behaviors will result in a recommendation for a higher level of care and
Gwenevere Abriel: referral to an outside agency or discharge due to non compliance, so it's it's like if you just disappear for 30 days. Then there's really no need for referral. You're just sort of Mia and but if you're there and you let's say a week from now, you're like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Screw this and you start disappearing again and you've done it times
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I'll remind us of this
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we'll create this space and time to talk about what worked about this contract, what didn't. But 99.9% likelihood, you're going to get a referral of whatever resources are nearby and best to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we'll go from there. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: A significant departure than what we were doing before. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it feel different.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there's a part of you maybe likes it. Is there another part of you that's a little bit like oh my gosh, what am I getting myself into.
Nicole Bacon: I'm
Nicole Bacon: Not
Nicole Bacon: Like more of just like
Nicole Bacon: Okay, this is it like I need, I need. But I also want to take this more seriously and feel like I can trust and be vulnerable by reaching out to you when I'm feeling triggered as my therapist.
Nicole Bacon: My mind before was more. Oh, she has tons of clients like
Nicole Bacon: Probably bugging her and you know that's not
Nicole Bacon: Mine.
Nicole Bacon: So because you told me before. Sometimes I just have to be tough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so i'm gonna i'm I've got it attached to end bacon 44 at gmail
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Bacon: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to send it to you now. And so just quickly kind of look at it and send me a message you know i i agree or some sort of statement of acknowledgement that your plan is to keep this
This commandment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll just
Gwenevere Abriel: Handing out and come back. I mean it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's one of these things that we've got to do in order to move forward. So I'll just wait to get caught up in in your phone or email.
You have a data.
Nicole Bacon: Yes. Cool, cool, cool.
Nicole Bacon: Let me check real quick.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just write me a little something to acknowledge
When I'll take a peek.
Nicole Bacon: Oops, that's the late email.
Nicole Bacon: Come on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Close to on the hour. I'm thinking
Nicole Bacon: Oh, it's okay, there it is on the bottom tab to download. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: So I save that. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably got the date wrong. I think I put 28 to 28 really i can't i think i'm in a little denial about what day it is.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, um, we need to review your goals and
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a sense of where you are with him. Okay. Because it's months overdue. I want you to just assess yourself and say how you're doing around this goal of I want think you called it self sufficiency was your for I see if I can find it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember, I remember
Gwenevere Abriel: I want self sufficiency. So assess yourself on how it's going well. Would you say
Nicole Bacon: I'm moderate
Nicole Bacon: Moderate because I
Nicole Bacon: Was working at the salon built in clientele wasn't going that fast, and I wasn't motivated, either as I I had to really accept that I want to get hired before I touch people's heads, and that's not helping me so I actually
Nicole Bacon: I quit this job and but
Nicole Bacon: My friend wants to hire me on as her business partner so that all happened just a couple days ago so moderate still haven't seen the money from the new job, but I still have to pay rent to my father yet because my parents still know i'm i'm getting on my own two feet so
Nicole Bacon: It's all right there, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me ask you something. Moderate sounds like it's in the middle. What would your life look like if it was poor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Poor rose Porter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course, will be
Nicole Bacon: Homeless
Nicole Bacon: No house.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, no money at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no place to live.
Nicole Bacon: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: No place to live and then no money. And where are you getting money.
Nicole Bacon: My parents
Nicole Bacon: There, they're helping me with specific things like credit card bills. I tell they're helping me with with money and I don't have to pay rent right now. So, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And would you be willing to sign a release of information so that I could communicate with your pre trial police officer or is that been dropped
Nicole Bacon: With my appeal. Yes. Yes, that'd be great. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think before we end today, I'll have you go over back to virtual clinic and we'll have them have you do it there. I'll see if I can send you the form. Sometimes I have luck. Other times, but the form just doesn't work for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Very
Nicole Bacon: Be sorry because I just checked in with my appeal officer. I'm a couple of days ago and he did rip. I told him I was wanting to get back into this program. He did refer me to
Nicole Bacon: intensive outpatient
Nicole Bacon: A physical place in Albuquerque. Um, but
Nicole Bacon: I just feel like
Nicole Bacon: I've made so much like breakthroughs with with you as my therapist, and I do get triggered.
Nicole Bacon: Mean around other people and
Nicole Bacon: When it's not like that we're working on something positive, which I've been in a group like that before where it's just like
Nicole Bacon: Very negative
Nicole Bacon: So yes, just saying you know that's that's but
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there.
Gwenevere Abriel: an expectation that you go to an assessment at that location.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, but he I also he's open for to me doing this program just as long as I'm no program I they couldn't get me in for like three weeks to that other place for assessment. Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It wasn't
Just
Nicole Bacon: Me.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, yeah, I just have to communicate with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's keep going. Let's keep reviewing here. We gotta write this stuff down here. So here we go. A little. I don't think I've talked to you about this part, or I don't have a little note in here. When you think about how spirituality affects your recovery process.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much does it help when you do you ever go to sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: You know something greater than yourself, even if its mother earth or or a God, as you know it. Right. Do you ever go there as a refuge and as a resource.
Nicole Bacon: All the time. Yes. All the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And do you
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you call it, like, how do you
Leave
Nicole Bacon: Um, oh, I, I guess it depends how I feel. Sometimes it's universe. Sometimes I pray to Jesus Christ. Sometimes I prayed a Kanye, and sometimes I prayed to my my spirit guides
Nicole Bacon: Mama guy. I mean, yeah, I guess.
Nicole Bacon: So it changes. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said you you go there all the time. Can you be a little bit more like
Nicole Bacon: I, I pray I pray, many times every day.
Nicole Bacon: For help
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like it's a significant part. Do you notice that there are times when you do get an answer, and it has helped you to remain clean
Nicole Bacon: Yes.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, like this. This job opportunity with my friend. I've been praying. That's an answer for me.
Nicole Bacon: I've been praying for something like that.
Nicole Bacon: For a couple years.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to taper off of Suboxone. How are you doing around that.
Nicole Bacon: I haven't stabilized on it so
Nicole Bacon: Deftly definitely want to take her, but that's in the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Bacon: I'm on seven
Gwenevere Abriel: You're on Sunday checks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, off the streets.
Nicole Bacon: No, no, no, no.
Nicole Bacon: Suboxone and send me checks is different. I don't know if that's your
Gwenevere Abriel: After. No, it is. Sorry, I got it.
Nicole Bacon: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just hit me in November must have written it wrong. I don't know if you were taking the Suboxone back then I remember a change
Nicole Bacon: Oh yes, I did try it and then just went back to this every text because I get real nauseous and I puco on the Suboxone
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. So, when was your last use of a short acting opiate
Nicole Bacon: A couple days ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: A LONG HAS THE the relapse been how many days.
Nicole Bacon: The whole month. I mean, cuz I only had a couple pills left from my prescription so
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you made a choice not to go to services to
Nicole Bacon: Go to the streets.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, instead of taking responsibility. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright. Alright, so let's go to this one. Um, we've already got the behavior contract for it. That's going to cover individual therapy but there you really hearing that you needed more than once a week and you weren't doing it. You were not doing that you're finding
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me show you some
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what you've named and it might be the wrong names for things. But I want you to see just a few reasons you've presented for why they just can't show up for for your treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: My phone
Gwenevere Abriel: new job, no money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Early hours right I'm too activated.
Gwenevere Abriel: On my self sabotaging behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: I relapsed
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, hard time falling
Right, my wife.
Gwenevere Abriel: My grandma's socks and she is busy, but notice how they
Nicole Bacon: Right, but they keep coming and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay, but just it does you a disservice to think and you are an incredibly intelligent woman, but it does you a disservice to think that your clinician, the person that's here for you is such a pushover that she doesn't register any of it. Like it doesn't do you any good.
Gwenevere Abriel: To understand
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, definitely.
Nicole Bacon: And it sounds like ridiculous when you say and
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I've been in this victim story for way too long.
Nicole Bacon: Making excuses.
Gwenevere Abriel: People
Gwenevere Abriel: Have job children they have so many the car, the tire bloody bloody and then now this person's now in jail. And this person about about. Let me tell you something. They have stuff happening for real. I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kid breaks collarbone. I cannot be in group, I have to go take care of my son. I get that.
Nicole Bacon: Right.
Nicole Bacon: It's fear.
Nicole Bacon: It's fear. That's what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now let me flip. Let me flip the script a little bit. I noticed we did an activity and it was the last activity we did. We did this resource room and you went to a place that shocked me. And as a part of me that wanted to
Gwenevere Abriel: Prevent you from doing whatever it was that you were doing with it. Um, but you went there. I can't say hey go here, go there and that was your mind to go in this direction, but I remember this sense of wanting to rescue you wanting to, like, say, Wait, you sure
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, are you sure that's where you want to go. And so I guess what I'm trying to say to you is, it's both. It might be a little bit of you not putting your recovery first
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's also maybe the pace and rate that we were going still might be too intense. And so let's go at it a little differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want it to work. But this medicine, what happens between you and I, the trust. It's just budding it's just starting
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be. What makes the difference your wounds, I think, are from an interpersonal
Gwenevere Abriel: Hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it will mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Not getting distracted with rules that I bring right like these are they expect this treatment, you have to show up for it. You actually have to take the dose of medicine which is us.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might mean you have to say, I, I don't want to do this. It's so scary. Then, then that's what we're working with in the moment, or I don't want to close my eyes or, you know, that's how we're going to develop the kind of rapport and trust that might make a difference for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know it's asking a
Lot.
You
Nicole Bacon: Know, I just, I was really, really shut down.
Nicole Bacon: Really shut down and really guarded
Nicole Bacon: The last couple of weeks I've been actually able to cry like I hadn't been able to cry for so long. It's really been helping
Nicole Bacon: To be vulnerable and
Nicole Bacon: To give myself a chance, like
Gwenevere Abriel: So what, tell me something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh inside and see, see what
Gwenevere Abriel: What may or may not have happened. And remember, you don't want to be protecting me. I don't need protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: You being able to say what you saw in here with me. What do you think makes it possible that you're going to be able to commit to twice a week. It means no bullshit transportation why FI I can't get up.
Gwenevere Abriel: The it's it's it's just this contract or it's somewhere else. Think about it for a second, really think about it, what did you see a glimmer of here with me or you may have recognize it in yourself that makes you think this will be different.
Nicole Bacon: Now have you my walls up like actually
Nicole Bacon: being vulnerable and
Nicole Bacon: I have
Nicole Bacon: These opportunities that have shown up. And so I actually feel motivation now.
Nicole Bacon: That I have these goals that are attainable that are right there. And I don't want to
Nicole Bacon: Miss out on these opportunities.
Nicole Bacon: Because I feel like in that up a really important point where like
Nicole Bacon: I'm either gonna get, you know, clean or my left just gonna stay shitty and get worse. I don't want that for myself.
Nicole Bacon: But, Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been wanting a job for years and it just came your way do you think you're going to almost immediately be presented with a choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of either taking what we're talking about. Seriously, that you can't keep that job notice over this other job was really important and you were putting it first number that's on the list, I can. I am working okay
Gwenevere Abriel: But you recovery your addiction got in the way. And I don't mean to say just addiction. I'm talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. The mind so that it squirrels around that, then everything just maybe flight right touching someone else's body and just like all that. That's what I'm talking about in recovery recovery of the authentic self. Like that work.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not done yet. We were just starting it has to come first job at least second and now may not make sense to you. But how long do you think your family's going to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we gave you all this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could have been working your recovery there. And, oh, well, I wasn't, I just now I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it's now you will never feel like doing this, you will never want to do it. You won't grow unless there's this bit of discomfort not thought on hundred percent like I'm dissociating stuff. I'm not talking about that I'm talking about a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're never going to feel like doing it. And I think you're going to be prioritizing other things like job.
Gwenevere Abriel: And some other something you've got some other interventions. I don't know what they were some vibration think you will find some reason to not do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe because there isn't enough motivation, because it's just you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you sick. Now you're enough. Right. You're saying I'm enough I I'm motivated. Now I want to feel better. Are you sure that's what's motivating you
Nicole Bacon: Because we know it's not just me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what is it,
Nicole Bacon: I mean, it's my loved ones, my family.
Nicole Bacon: Everyone wants to see me do better. I want to do better. I want
Nicole Bacon: I don't want to see the dark world of addiction anymore. It's scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have almost died because you almost died. And that doesn't motivate you enough to give a shit about yourself. Do you see my cynicism here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What some people like they they they want to believe that that's true. Like, it makes sense. It's logical any kind of rational person would be like, Yeah, I'm worth it, like, totally, like, look, these people love me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes what you do or could do is
Gwenevere Abriel: For a while, borrow this idea of, I don't want to go to jail.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that for some people it's that they're like
Nicole Bacon: Yo, that's
Nicole Bacon: That's a big one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That could be one you could kind of leverage for a little while. If you were there and it was really awful and really scary sometimes that's the one that shocks people into oh my gosh this is legit. Like if I am going to stay alive. It can be really bad if I don't get
Gwenevere Abriel: To healing and working on myself. That can be a useful real motivator, like the staying away from that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're you're dying didn't seem to motivation.
Nicole Bacon: Oh, I like this associated with that I like.
Nicole Bacon: Put it in
Nicole Bacon: I think it compartmentalize that
Gwenevere Abriel: I love that you have a new job, Nicole. I love that you get to be with your friend, but there's a part of me that wants to say I'm waiting for the text where you say,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's work. It's a job and I've wanted this and then I'm going to discharge, you
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. Are you hearing it though that you're worth this
Gwenevere Abriel: That your life and your freedom are at stake if someone doesn't say this is it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you'll go maybe there'll be someone decent at in Albuquerque. Maybe there will be. I know me, I know my intentions. I know I've got myself in check. I don't, can't speak for other musicians.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I want to work with you and I do know this this dance and you're so intelligent and you've got this game down, you've got victim, you've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Right persecute a rescuer you've got those roles down pat, and you can flip around and switch and whenever you want to. But it is doing you a disservice.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are much more than those roles, your
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't know. We've been robbed of finding out and you can do that. You can find out who you are nice and slow your own preferences. You don't want to touch it. Okay, don't have to
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know what it's going to be in the future, but I'm interested in. Now I want to know what you're like what you want. Now what's working for you. Now what feel safe now. And I want you to keep coming in here.
Nicole Bacon: But
Gwenevere Abriel: You may not. And I have to accept that.
Nicole Bacon: What's hard for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I'm a helper.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you thinking about
Nicole Bacon: I just feel like like before.
Nicole Bacon: I really in my head. I wanted to take it serious
Nicole Bacon: But
Nicole Bacon: It just wasn't connecting for some reason the the repercussions with my behavior and this or not but
Nicole Bacon: A couple things happen in the last 30 days that
Nicole Bacon: Started to get me to wake up again. And like I said, I haven't
Nicole Bacon: I haven't been able to cry and be vulnerable and
Nicole Bacon: Like, I know, I know. My, my, the things that the two big things that I have a hard time letting go. But preventing me from all the way and
Nicole Bacon: Like
Nicole Bacon: I'm ready to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, we'll go slow go slower.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got a, you've got to be in your truth, too, if I'm inviting something and it's too much then put a hold on it.
Nicole Bacon: Well honestly when I think before I would, it felt all too much because I wasn't being real. I wasn't being open and vulnerable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there's that. But there's also these things that we're going to do these interventions right that touch.
Gwenevere Abriel: On pulling up some old memory and I want to first get you grounded. I want resources in place. It's not me unearthing and having you tell all of these details. I want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Save first and then we can go into it and you dove in a little fast and I wasn't saying to go there, but she went in and I got scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you were gone. Do you know that you're gone.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be a coincidence but
Gwenevere Abriel: You stopped services. And I wonder, gee i wonder if we just, it was just too fast, but do you play a part in that too.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah. Yes. Yes. Yeah. I, I do that, I think I'm ready for something or right I
Nicole Bacon: I can't. It's a call it like my like little mania spurts I'm like yes do it all. All of it.
Nicole Bacon: He can people and then I get overwhelmed and shut down.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, this is where you get to learn your own boundaries you like the idea of being this open spirit meet you like this idea that's different than knowing your own limitations in real time and you can plan out here, you can plan out and you can find out and go
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you, right, you can find out where that is in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh wait, no, maybe it's not anger. I think I'm scared. Hey, this is my limit. I just found one. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But having no boundaries in a world that takes advantage of people is no way to live.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's no way to live. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not going to have moderation, they're going to suck the life out of you people are takers.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got to own your own. I can only give this I'm I've got this to give and I can give it wholeheartedly, but I need to keep some of this.
Gwenevere Abriel: For me, and that's okay too. That's really important. I want to see. I want to witness you doing that protecting. Oh, I have this big idea. I don't have that much to give
Gwenevere Abriel: Yet, be not showing up for care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we get to do all kinds of stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe what you benefited from today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if you've had a lot of people saying these are your limits.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what just happened. I said, hopefully in a caring way.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are limits stay in here, it's a safe place. It's predictable. This is what it's going to look like. But you're affecting another human being.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we said it. I said it, and maybe that's what you're registering like oh my gosh I'm affecting another human being and your action affects you to it could mean the inconvenience of an I. O. P. It could be maybe higher level of care could be jail. I don't know what else is out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But maybe it's registering
Nicole Bacon: I
Nicole Bacon: Honestly,
Nicole Bacon: I parents kind of do it. Not really. There's only one person that really tells me how it is. And I like that the rest, kind of like cuddle me or just tell me what I want to hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I, I don't do that. I've noticed that over the years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Somehow I can be unconditionally loving, I can do that. It's true that won't change that will be here.
Nicole Bacon: You can go off and you'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Go do whatever the care doesn't change, but my commitment to being predictable to being structured my my value in that for people when their lives are unmanageable. I won't stop doing it. They exist at the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's what re parenting is. That's what's possible. That's where healing a ruptured attachment. It can happen. They exist at the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to feed you a
Gwenevere Abriel: Lot. Okay, I'm not going to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think you're going to run in right away to a conflict, having energy go to this job or having it show up for bright heart health. Where do you think it's going to show up right away.
Nicole Bacon: The job.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, and how quickly like as soon as I start to say, when can you commit to two days a week.
Nicole Bacon: Um,
Nicole Bacon: I'm not sure, but
Nicole Bacon: The job right now is all through the phone right now we're in different physical places.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is it all in New Mexico time
Nicole Bacon: No Hawaii.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So knowing that time zone white might be good to know what it is.
Nicole Bacon: Three hours.
Nicole Bacon: Three hours ahead of here.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something done here at three o'clock in the afternoon would be six there. So what you're saying.
Maybe later three hours later.
Nicole Bacon: Three hours earlier. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now be thinking about
Gwenevere Abriel: This can you commit to twice a week at least for the next 30 days.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, it would. Do I, it would help if it was the same time.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I don't know. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's a real possibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: A week or two from now.
Nicole Bacon: But
Gwenevere Abriel: People are here showing up for services and I booked them.
Nicole Bacon: Right, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're accommodating the early part and then I'll start to protect certain times and hold those spaces for you so that you have some predictability. Okay. I like that. I like the consistent
Gwenevere Abriel: Most of my clients. There's a real set predictable. Time to it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, why don't we do this, let's not pick a group until we've picked the other days that we want to do. And then we'll put you in a group, because this way. We're not i'm not unlimited when we do it the other way around. So
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think there's any chance you're going to be showing up to 7am group. So why don't we pick one.
Nicole Bacon: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Never know maybe something changed so
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's safe to say that Tuesday's
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be one of our days.
Nicole Bacon: Dance. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And right now, you'll probably love this. I have February 4 and it's because I want to stay connected and get you on track. I have to 15 Mountain Standard Time.
Awesome.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not going to stay that way. But that's what it's going to be for next week. All right, let's move over to another day.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just for this coming week because i think i'd like you in, if possible, the
Gwenevere Abriel: Either Monday or Thursday time spot.
Nicole Bacon: Do you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you were going before was 11 o'clock on a Thursday. What's up, the one
Gwenevere Abriel: For group now.
Nicole Bacon: It was Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you okay, and the reason why I was thinking it was on Thursday is because I remember you were in there with Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we had this negotiation about nicknames.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, alright. So, there we go. Alright so Mondays will have you in here at 1pm
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so now we're over here. Let's do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So are you writing this stuff down
Gwenevere Abriel: February 6
Gwenevere Abriel: At 12
Nicole Bacon: Write it down and put in my phone. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: I'll just say two o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's perfect.
Nicole Bacon: And then, and then seven for two o'clock and then UI.
At 12
Nicole Bacon: Every six
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's right. February six, that's to slash six the moon. Yes. Every six isn't Thursday. So it's Tuesday, Thursday.
Nicole Bacon: I will say 1145
Very
Gwenevere Abriel: Very smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I would highly recommend that you actually set reminders, the day before, because this work is more than just
Gwenevere Abriel: Those 15 minutes it's protecting your sleep the night before making sure you've eaten.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of waiting the drama temptation just lots of things where you're protecting Oh, I've got to be ready for tomorrow. Where will I be will I have Wi Fi. Will I be alone it those excuses are no longer available I you have just do it. That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I don't want to be in the car ever again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. I mean, I don't care. As far as when we're doing superficial stuff, but it's going to be less available to you to do other things. It's, it's better for you. I think if we're in a cozy your place, you know,
Nicole Bacon: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Nicole Bacon: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just for this week. Are you able to visit with Dr. Aubrey all tomorrow at
Nicole Bacon: 1111 that's Thursday. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's group that's you coming into group touching base with folks you've been in there before you might recognize some people don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's January 30 group meaning medication assisted therapy. You go in. You see, talk about how you're doing now, you haven't had oh you're on Sunday text. Right, right, right, right. And how many days. Have you been on it.
Nicole Bacon: Just a couple because that's all I had left. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so do you need enough medicine to get you over to tomorrow.
Nicole Bacon: No, I have enough to get me to
Gwenevere Abriel: See you there. That's real quick. Then we move to the next week, we've got ourselves, figure out for then you have February. This is your real time. Now you have February 3 at 1pm group that's your set time let's set
Nicole Bacon: So you've 1214 1245 yes
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we've got that one. That's going to be your set time. So we've got lots of service, lots of opportunity for you to take in positive information right and to show yourself you're for real this time.
Nicole Bacon: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you going to say to your friend when she says
Gwenevere Abriel: I need you at one o'clock Monday, February 3. What are you going to say
Nicole Bacon: And do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may even concert
Nicole Bacon: At another time.
Nicole Bacon: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Consider the connections getting pretty bad right now, but you may consider if you can hear me, letting your friends know now I
Nicole Bacon: Know this is priority, this is top priority. Absolutely. Absolutely.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, that's a good idea. I will
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we're in advance. I've got these things coming up. And now, you and I, looking ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to put you then at February 11 at 12
Gwenevere Abriel: Knows will be
Gwenevere Abriel: Times that I'll protect and actually we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Have that one.
Nicole Bacon: Anyway, 13th at 12
Now you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanting to. Okay. Moving forward after that first week.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. So not a lot of therapy here, but right you're back in and I'm really glad because just about to close this, which didn't mean you couldn't come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I was poking around in your record, and I saw that the doc REACHED OUT ON ABOUT THE 24th. Is that what made you think to come back.
Nicole Bacon: I know I have been meaning to write you
Nicole Bacon: I did. I guess I didn't know that that much time has gone by, but that was the extra fire under my butt.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna let the doc come in here for just a moment. Since initially I wanted her hair for this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, can
Nicole Bacon: We bring
Gwenevere Abriel: You online their
Gwenevere Abriel: Doctor
You can
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh hello. So, so we're right at the tail end we have behavior contract signed she has enough Sublime Text to get her to my Nana group at 11 and we have
Gwenevere Abriel: Two services set up in addition to her regular, ongoing group which will be Mondays at 1pm we have
Gwenevere Abriel: I can go over what those days are. But basically, she's going to commit to Tuesdays and Thursdays for individual therapy. We're going to do it for three days. We're going to see how the grounding and resources and coping skills are at that point. And we'll take it from there. Super.
Dawn Abriel: Plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many milligrams of Sophie checks. Have you been taking
Gwenevere Abriel: Or milligrams. Okay. And any symptoms any withdrawal symptoms.
Yes.
Nicole Bacon: The Gabba helps with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gap open. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, to kind of get you to tomorrow.
Nicole Bacon: Definitely. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm excited to have you back. Truly
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with differently. So Doc, what is it that you, I know you're coming. You're right at the tail end. But is there anything you wanted to share
Dawn Abriel: No, I just want to fully support you and
Dawn Abriel: Whatever part I can play in helping us be successful.
Nicole Bacon: Thank you.
Nicole Bacon: Thanks for reaching out to me because I was meaning to. I didn't know that much time had gone by, I was meaning to
Nicole Bacon: Try to get back in. Anyways, but it was the extra fire I needed.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: You're welcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we will see you
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: They said 45
Nicole Bacon: Alarms alarms alarms alarms.
Bye bye.